well I'm at the LCS right now to
interview 100 thieves prolly probably
how you been oh that was the curveball
you just asked me how it's been yeah
it's been okay we won so better than
okay good and you're enjoying things in
the LCS so far I don't like these
leading questions LCS is great Travis
spin that actually broaden do you just
want to go to the beach okay actually
thank you for the amp yes
[Music]
[Applause]
alright I'm in Venice Beach today to
talk a little bit about interviewing
because this is something that's
obviously very near and dear to my heart
as an interviewer myself a lot of people
think that my interviews are very casual
we have like a unique quality to them I
think part of that is because of the
philosophy that I have about
interviewing you see a lot of people
think of interviews and they think of
something that you either are doing to
get a job or to interview somebody for a
job or that it's kind of like that media
style of interview where you're
interviewing someone because of an
article you're gonna write about them or
a video or some sort of report
I actually think interviewing is much
broader than that and something a lot of
people do every day and they don't even
realize it you see interviewing it's
just about getting to know somebody or
learning more information about someone
you can interview so many different
people about so many different things
and demonstrate that I'm gonna go
interview some strangers hi could I
possibly talk to you guys for video
excuse me sir yeah good luck could I
grab an interview with you Ashley I
tweet you here right now with Landon you
guys live in Los Angeles I do you live
in Los Angeles you do not in Oregon do
you live in Los Angeles
no oh where you from st. Louis live like
70 miles
okay so you drive all the way out here
for this no actually it's great you
catch the train nice okay what brings
you to LA oh happy birthday
what are you doing down at Venice Beach
we are here promoting our music oh nice
what we do we do metaphysical hip-hop
what is metaphysical hip-hop well
metaphysical hip-hop definition wise
it's the science of phenomena the signs
of the mind what do you think of Los
Angeles I like it
it comes from the Egyptian culture which
the Greeks to Socrates Plato and
Aristotle nice oh nice okay so you're
new here too how often you come down
here and start to do the silver Oh
we come late what two or three days out
of the week
oh really just we travel with we just
got back to my wife is there any
anything that you would say to anybody
out there who is thinking about visiting
Los Angeles anything any must do is
anything people need to do come visit
smoke good gas meet some new people
very good thanks man yeah
[Music]
so obviously interviewing strangers
people do that all the time but I often
think of the conversations that I'm
having with my friends as interviews as
well like I said you can interview them
about a trip that they took or any
number of different things
in fact fronton how was Sundance
Sundance was good I went there because
my friend had a feature and slam dance
which is the sister festival and yeah
it's great time oh wow did your friend
win
he actually won the grand jury and
audience Awards oh it I'm wearing the
Hat does it make you feel bad whenever
your friends out there winning awards
and then you're just here making dumb
youtube videos with me you're my side
hustle Travis out might be angry you're
sad
whatever anyway it's not just friends
that you can interview imagine you're on
a date with someone for the first time
an interview is a great way to get to
know them if you don't want to make it
too formal but again if you come up with
the right questions you can really pull
off something cool so did you grow up in
Los Angeles no I actually grew up in
Orange County but I moved here to go to
art school
so Bart school are you an artist then
I'm actually a painter and a
photographer but I'm also really into
gaming
Gaming huh have you ever heard of League
of Legends no I've never heard of
check please ultimately learning how to
interview and incorporate that into your
everyday life is going to make you a
better conversationalist and that's why
I think it's so important for people to
think about interviewing in a different
way because again if you can use these
techniques and your everyday
interactions with people they're gonna
be much better and you're gonna have
better relationships with people that
you encounter on a daily basis anyway I
hope you enjoyed the video I really
enjoyed it making it's a little bit
different than I would normally do but
thanks a lot
[Music]